Docs (#5)
HundredRooms/hr-prometheus: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/HundredRooms/hr-prometheus.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/HundredRooms/hr-prometheus)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/HundredRooms/hr-prometheus/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/HundredRooms/hr-prometheus)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/hr-prometheus.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/hr-prometheus)

Prometheus integration for aiohttp projects.

hr-prometheus adds support for providing [aiohttp](https://aiohttp.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) applications metrics to [prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/). It is implemented as a aiohttp middleware.

Currently, it exports the following metrics via the /metrics endpoint by default:

- request_latency: Elapsed time per request in seconds.
  - Labels exported: method (HTTP method), path
- request_count: Number of requests received.
  - Labels exported: method (HTTP method), path, status (HTTP status)
- requests_in_progress: In progress requests.
  - Labels exported: method (HTTP method), path

> Default request behaviour can be modified by passing a custom `RequestMonitor` to the middleware. You can find out how to do in [advanced section](#advance-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default request behaviour can be modified by passing a custom `RequestMonitor` to the middleware. You can find out how to do it in [advanced section](#advance-usage).
```

## Installation

```shell
pip install hr-prometheus
```

## Usage

Briefly, the following is all you need to do to measure and export prometheus metrics from your aiohttp web application:

```python
from aiohttp import web
from hr-prometheus import hrprometheus_middleware, hrprometheus_view

app = web.Application()
app.router.add_get("/metrics", hrprometheus_view)
app.middlewares.append(hrprometheus_middleware())
```

### Advance Usage

To modify the default behavior you simply need to create a new monitor that inherits from the `BaseRequestMonitor` and pass the class to the middleware.

> This clase provides two publica methods. `update_init_metrics` and `update_end_metrics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class provides two public methods. `update_init_metrics` and `update_end_metrics`.
```
